So he saw the installation of Riak native navigation on iOS and that hasn't changed since I recorded
the course.
The installation on Android has changed a little bit.
Generally you should still follow the steps you see here in their official docs and that is what all
now do together with you.
And if this were you I recorded originally but then we'll have to do a little adjustment which I'll
also do with you.
So now let's first of all follow fruity steps again.
Don't worry if you see me browse a different web page data simply because I recorded this in the past.
But the steps are the same and it will work in the same.
No worries.
So let's go for that right now.
Now where does your First of all need to install the package.
If you haven't done this already and as I said in the Iowa section yarn at that's just non-target of
two NPM you can replace it with NPM installed dash dash save.
So I already ran this command but of course if you haven't make sure to run NPM install dash dash save
re-act dash native dash navigation like this.
Now one important note to highlight here is that you want install question one which you force by adding
at at one ofter the installation command.
So after Riak dash native dash navigation you add at one end you get Riak native navigation Where's
one.
Now once you do this you have to add something to your Android settings Graylock fall LaFalce so copy
that code they provide here in this snippet and then your project go into the Android folder there.
You can now simply go into your settings cradle fall right on the top level of this android folder so
or so settings cradle and there are loads of vector icons for example.
Anstiss code here you just copied which basically says same code as 40 vector icons just for you Reyk
native navigation package with a path to this package as a next step go to Step number free.
And now you need to update your project dependencies in the Android app built cradle of fall.
So if we're dead we actually need to update two parts of that fall.
Let's copy the first part from that Android section and let's go to Android app and there it is built
cradle file and search for it has Android part in there.
Here it is easy read.
Now we have a STK word against We're compiling of 20 free.
This library requires 25.
So let's just paste in the code we just copied.
Now as a nextstep we copy that code here and search for the dependencies area in that file year and
below the Riak native vector Aikins code.
We enter our code we just copied with that we can move on to Section 4.
We have to edit our main activity dot of fall.
It should extend does splash activity class here instead of re-act activity.
So you can find this fall under Android app source main Java.
And there it's in this main activity file.
And as it says on the documentation we should no longer extend to react activity but dishcloths instead.
And of course you can also simply import dishcloths to not having to it you don't have to write the
full pop your.
You can also just extend splash activity if instead of this thing you import com react native navigation
control a splash activity.
So that's the first thing you have to do.
The next step 5 is that we have to edit our main application java file there and we first of all have
to add an import Let's do that simply adds that fall below vector I can import for example and there's
a next step.
We also have to change to continent this fall.
Now here we will do this with care.
I copy all the content from the main application class and I will comment out the existing code so that
it's effectively deleted and paste in a new one.
But remember that we already added the vector icons to our get packages method and the last course module.
Of course we still need to do that.
So still copy dead.
And now we have a new package this fall and there we should enter this.
And it actually even shows this as an example.
So make sure to add this here in this list.
Nothing else needs to be added re-act native navigation doesn't need to be added here.
Now with this we're almost done but if we have a look at the documentation we see that we all need change
to class.
Our main application extends.
So here when we extend application implemented re-act application we should change this to just extends
navigation application.
That's what we're importing here.
Now after you followed all the installation steps for re-act native navigation on Android if you tried
to run your app you'll most likely encounter an error.
No you fix this error by following the steps you find in PTF document attached to this video and I just
attach it so that you can conveniently copy in the commands I have there or add a text to code I have
there.
So first of all go to Step 1 which tells you which compile STK where to set and you do that in the Android
app and there the built Grettel file.
Isn't there you most likely replaced this year.
Compile STK Worthen as instructed in these salacious Doxil for android with this code here where you
said it to work and 22:5.
Now don't do that.
Basically set it back to disk code which you had in there originally and what you find in this attached
PDF document and step one just replace decompilers to Kate Waren and built to work with that content
you see on my screen.
Don't use the content you see here on their docs page in Dead same file.
You also want to scroll down to dependencies and there replace all the dependencies you find here with
the dependencies listed in my attached PTF and the very important dependency is this design dependency.
So you can also just add this if you already had all the dependencies your business the important one
with all of that at it you should be able to run your project with Riak native navigation at it.
Now you'll most likely see a wide screen because we haven't added any pages will do all of that in the
next lectures.
But does this now Riak native navigation installed in a way that should work and then simply rerun android
with NPM run Android to rebuild your project.
This can take a bit longer now since we changed a lot.
Thereafter we should have a running application.
Feel free to quit this development process and this extra terminal window with control Control-C too
before you run this command.
And here I got an error because there is a tiny mistake even though it's well-documented.
Our main activity here.
Of course I should get rid of this function.
It even Sassone documentation documentation's so make sure to delete this and they're off to rerun.
NPM run Android.
With that we to successfully rebuild reac database application that's now do the same for iOS and continue.